*Sequential Access / Random Access
	1) Array : You can use the array index to access any element immediately. This is called random access.
	2) Linked List : We have to start at the top of the list and then move from node to node until you get to the node you want, which is termed sequential access.
	3) Stack : Use Sequentional Access Based upon FILO(First in last out) basis.
	4) Queue : Use Sequential Access Based upon FIFO (First in First out) basis.
	

*Static Allocation/Dynamic Allocation
	1)Array : Static 
	2)Linked List : Dynamic 
	3)Stack : Static if we use Array and Dynamic if we use Linked List.
	4)Queue : Static if we use Array and Dynamic if we use Linked List.

*Policy for getting/putting number
	1)Array : Randomly insert or access data in any index of the Array and do changes accordingly.
	2)Linked List : We have to Traverse Whole list to access some data right the head node.  
	3)Stack : By Pushing or Poping the data we can access or delete the data in Stack.
	4)Queue : By queing or Dequeing the list we can access or delete the data in queue.



* Use Case
	1)Array : Arrays are used to implement mathematical vectors and matrices, as well as other kinds of rectangular tables. Many databases, small and large, consist of one-dimensional arrays whose elements are records
	2)Linked List :i) Implementation of stacks and queues.
		       ii)Maintaining directory of names.
	3)Stack : i)The simplest application of a stack is to reverse a word. You push a given word to stack - letter by letter - and then pop letters from the stack.
		 ii)Calculators 
	4) Queue : i) Ticket counter line where people who come first will get his ticket first.	
	          ii) Serving requests on a single shared resource, like a printer, CPU task scheduling etc.
	 

Binary Tree
   i) Hierarchical Access of Data
   ii) Can be Static or Dynamic Based upon Implemention either by array or Linked List.
   iii) We Have to traverse the Tree to insert and Delete the node From the tree
   iv) Used where Large Amount of Searching operations Are done to ease the search.

